NFR (Non-Functional Requirements).
## Interruption Based
Branch of application testing that deals with how an application reacts to interruption and resumes to its previous state.
Common states:
- Battery low
- Battery full when charging
- Incoming phone call
- Incoming SMS
- Incoming Alert from another mobile application
- Plugged in for charging
- Plugged out from charging
- Device shut off
- Application Update reminders
- Alarm
- Network connection loss
- Network connection restoration
## Evaluation Performance
We test on performance to make sure there are:
- High availability
- Launch and navigation: Observe time to render and do a deep dive into what a user observes from both BE and FE perspective. 
	- Observe launc of not just app but the product
	- Cold, Hot, and Warm start
### Mobile App launch time benchmarks
According to Google, your app's startup itme is not considered excessive if they fall within these threshold:
- Cold startup should take less than 5 seconds. Cold startup occurs when the app is launched completely from scratch.
	- Launching the app for the first time after reboot
	- Launching the app after the system has explicitly killed the app's process
	- Launching the app for the first time after installation
- Hot startup should take less than 1.5 seconds. Hot start occurs when the app's process is already running in the background, and all of its activities are still in memory. 
- Warm startup should stake less than 2 seconds. Occurs when some parts of the app are already in memory, but the app isn't fully active in the foreground. 
	- the user backs out of the app but then re-launches it.
	- The system has evicted some of the app's memory but the app process itself might still exist.
## Core Performance Analysis
As the product scales, the technical implementation scale with it.

What to cover:
- UI performance and rendering
- Analysing memory and CPU usage
- Battery consumption
- Network consumption
- Asset management
- Caching strategies
## Tools for Analyzing Performance
